feat(feedback): Add SDK docs for User Feedback (#8528)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/feature-stage-beta-user-feedback.mdx

> <Alert level="info" title="A Wild User Feedback Appears!">
> 
> We've released a new version of User Feedback that supports feedback without requiring an error event. It is currently in open beta and subject to change.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer: I think this would be better as a note!

```suggestion
<Note title="A Wild User Feedback Appears!">

Sentry released a new version of User Feedback that supports feedback without requiring an error event. It is currently in open beta and subject to change.

</Note>
```
